In this deliverable, you must implement the gym member functionality as well as finalize
the entire application.

The gym member user functionality includes viewing all fitness classes and searching for
specific ones. The member must be able to view all classes that are offered as well as search
using a class name and day of the week. For example: A member user wants to see all
classes offered on Friday. Additionally, member users can view all the details of a class
(description, day, hours, difficulty level, capacity).

Another functionality is that member users can enroll into a class. If a member user
attempts to enroll into a class that has conflicting hours with an already enrolled class,
then the app must show a valid error message. For example: A member user has already
enrolled into aqua fitness on Tuesday at 10:00-11:30am. Then, when they try to enroll into
weightlifting, which is on Tuesday at 11:00am-12:00pm, the app will display an error.
Additionally, a gym member must not be able to enroll into a class that is at max. capacity.
Member users are able to see a list of all classes that they have enrolled in. Finally, they are
able to unenroll from a class.

For the bonus, instructor users should be able to see a list of all member users who have
enrolled into a class that they are instructing.

The final report is included with this deliverable and must be submitted on Brightspace.

MARKING

(10 marks) Updated UML class diagram based on deliverable 3 description. (adding onto the UML
           diagram from deliverable 2)
           (-2 for each missing class)
           (-2 for incorrect generalization)
           (-0.5 for each incorrect multiplicity)
           (-0.5 for each missing attribute)
(30 marks) Final report including:
           - Title page (1 point)
           - Short introduction about the project (4 points)
           - Updated UML class diagram
           - Table with the roles in the team and contributions of each team member for each
             deliverable (10 points)
           - All screenshots of your app (10 points)
           - Lessons learned / challenges overcome (5 points)
(10 marks) 5 Unit test cases related to deliverable 3
(5 marks)  Member can view all scheduled fitness classes
(10 marks) Member can search for a fitness class by:
           - Class name (5 points)
           - Day of the week (5 points)
(5 marks)  Member can enroll into a fitness class
(5 marks)  Member can unenroll from a fitness class
(10 marks) Member can see a list of all fitness classes they are enrolled for
(10 marks) Member recieves an error message when trying to enroll for a fitness class that conflicts
           with the time of a class they have already enrolled for
(5 marks)  Member cannot enroll into a class that has reached its maximum capacity. Either display
           an error or update the UI.
(5 marks, bonus) OPTIONAL Instructor should be able to see a list of all enrolled gym members (Only
           for a class they are instructing)
