In this deliverable, you must implement the user account management component and the
admin functionality.

The app must allow users to create user accounts via a sign up page. Once the user logs in,
they should see a second screen with the following message:
                   Welcome ‘firstname/username’! You are logged in as ‘role’.

To simplify the development, there will be a single pre-created admin account. You can use
the username admin and the password admin123. You should be able to create as many
instructor and gym member accounts as desired.

The admin functionality includes creating, editing, and deleting types of classes. The admin
must be able to create a type of class by entering a class name and a description. The
admin can also edit the class name and description of existing types. These class types can
later be seen by instructors and gym members in later deliverables. If desired, the admin
should be able to delete a type of class entirely. The other functionality the admin should
have is to be able to delete both instructor and gym member user accounts.

You can use Firebase or SQLite for database support. The deliverable must be uploaded by
the date specified on Brightspace.

MARKING

(10 marks) Github: Each member of the group has made at least ONE commit to the repository. 
           Repo has been shared with TA Github username: SEG2105-F2021
(20 marks) UML class diagram for the description above, only pertaining to the functionality
           of deliverable 1
           (-2 for each missing class)
           (-2 for incorrect generalization)
           (-0.5 for each incorrect multiplicity)
           (-0.5 for each missing attribute)
(5 marks)  Can login as admin
(10 marks) Can create and login as an instructor account
(10 marks) Can create and login as a gym member account
(5 marks)  After successful authentication:
           - Can see a Welcome Screen (1 point)
           - Can see the user role (2 points)
           - Can see the username associated with the account (2 points)
(10 marks) - Admin can create a type of class by entering a name and description
(10 marks) - Admin can edit name and description of an existing class type
(10 marks) - Admin can delete a class type
(10 marks) - Admin can delete instructor and gym member accounts
(5 marks, bonus) - OPTIONAL fields are validated on all pages. Valid error messages
