The app will be created with three different types of user in mind. The administrator, the
instructors, and the gym members. The administrator manages all possible types of classes
that can be offered to members at the fitness centre. The administrator also manages
instructor and gym member accounts. Instructor users are able to select the type of class
they would like to teach and then specify the class day, class time, class difficulty, and class
capacity. The gym members are able to search for a drop-in class by class name and day of
the week. They are then able to enroll and unenroll from classes.

The features that must be available for each user are outlined below. Note that these are
the minimum required features. You are free to add more features to enrich your app.

The administrator can:
  1. Login to an administrator account. The developer should pre-create such an
     account with these credentials:
     a. Username: admin
     b. Password: admin123
  2. Create, edit, and delete types of classes to be offered by the fitness centre.
     a. To create a type of class, the administrator specifies the name of the class
        and a brief description of the class. No other course information is specified
        by the admin.
        i. Ex. The admin adds a yoga class, a cycling class, and a kickboxing class.
           Each class would have its own description.
     b. The administrator can edit the class name and description.
     c. The administrator can delete a type of class entirely.
  3. Delete accounts of instructors and gym members.

An instructor can:
  1. Create an instructor account and login to that account.
  2. Choose a class to teach by selecting the type of class (pre-created by admin).
  3. Add and edit the class day, time, difficulty, and capacity for a class they are teaching.
     a. Ex. Cardio on Mondays from 2:00-3:00pm, beginner difficulty, capacity 12.
  4. Cancel a class, which deletes the class details.

A gym member can:
  1. Create a member account and login to that account.
  2. View all available classes and all classes they are enrolled in.
  3. Search for a class by class name or by day of the week.
  4. Enroll and unenroll from classes.
